.TH "mt::ConfigChecker" 3 "Fri Jan 21 2011" "mtlib" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
mt::ConfigChecker \- 
.PP
File change time checker.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <ConfigChecker.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBmt::InfiniteThread\fP.
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBConfigChecker\fP (const \fBmt::XmlConfigPtr\fP &config, time_t last_change_time, uint32_t timer)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~ConfigChecker\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBconfigWasReloaded\fP ()"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Protected Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBrunLoop\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIThe method will called in infinite loop created thread. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
File change time checker. 
.PP
Definition at line 16 of file ConfigChecker.h.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "mt::ConfigChecker::ConfigChecker (const \fBmt::XmlConfigPtr\fP & config, time_t last_change_time, uint32_t timer)"
.PP
Definition at line 7 of file ConfigChecher.cpp.
.SS "mt::ConfigChecker::~ConfigChecker ()\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 15 of file ConfigChecher.cpp.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "bool mt::ConfigChecker::configWasReloaded ()"
.PP
Definition at line 18 of file ConfigChecher.cpp.
.SS "void mt::ConfigChecker::runLoop ()\fC [protected, virtual]\fP"
.PP
The method will called in infinite loop created thread. Client MUST define this method. 
.PP
Implements \fBmt::InfiniteThread\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 25 of file ConfigChecher.cpp.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for mtlib from the source code.
