.TH "mt::DataPacket" 3 "Fri Jan 21 2011" "mtlib" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
mt::DataPacket \- 
.PP
Shell for data packets.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <DataPacket.h>\fP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "std::string \fBsrcHostAsString\fP () const "
.br
.RI "\fIReturn source host of the packet as std::string. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "uint32_t \fBsrcHost\fP () const "
.br
.RI "\fIReturn source host of the packet as uint32_t. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "uint32_t \fBsrcPort\fP () const "
.br
.RI "\fIReturn source port of the packet. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "std::string \fBdstHostAsString\fP () const "
.br
.RI "\fIReturn destination host of the packet as std::string. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "uint32_t \fBdstHost\fP () const "
.br
.RI "\fIReturn destination host of the packet as uint32_t. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "uint32_t \fBdstPort\fP () const "
.br
.RI "\fIReturn destination port of the packet. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "const \fBByteBuffer\fP & \fBdata\fP () const "
.br
.in -1c
.PP
.RI "\fB\fP"
.br
 
.PP
.in +1c
.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBDataPacket\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIDefault constructor. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBDataPacket\fP (const std::string &src_host, uint32_t src_port, const std::string &dst_host, uint32_t dst_port, const \fBByteBuffer\fP &data)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBDataPacket\fP (uint32_t src_host, uint32_t src_port, uint32_t dst_host, uint32_t dst_port, const \fBByteBuffer\fP &data)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~DataPacket\fP ()"
.br
.in -1c
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Shell for data packets. 
.PP
Definition at line 15 of file DataPacket.h.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "mt::DataPacket::DataPacket ()"
.PP
Default constructor. 
.PP
Definition at line 5 of file DataPacket.cpp.
.SS "mt::DataPacket::DataPacket (const std::string & src_host, uint32_t src_port, const std::string & dst_host, uint32_t dst_port, const \fBByteBuffer\fP & data)"\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIsrc_host\fP Source host of the packet. 
.br
\fIsrc_port\fP Source port of the packet. 
.br
\fIdst_host\fP Destination host of the packet. 
.br
\fIdst_port\fP Destination port of the packet. 
.br
\fIdata\fP Data of the packet. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 11 of file DataPacket.cpp.
.SS "mt::DataPacket::DataPacket (uint32_t src_host, uint32_t src_port, uint32_t dst_host, uint32_t dst_port, const \fBByteBuffer\fP & data)"\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIsrc_host\fP Source host of the packet. 
.br
\fIsrc_port\fP Source port of the packet. 
.br
\fIdst_host\fP Destination host of the packet. 
.br
\fIdst_port\fP Destination port of the packet. 
.br
\fIdata\fP Data of the packet. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 20 of file DataPacket.cpp.
.SS "mt::DataPacket::~DataPacket ()\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 29 of file DataPacket.cpp.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "const \fBByteBuffer\fP & mt::DataPacket::data () const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 103 of file DataPacket.h.
.SS "uint32_t mt::DataPacket::dstHost () const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Return destination host of the packet as uint32_t. 
.PP
Definition at line 95 of file DataPacket.h.
.SS "std::string mt::DataPacket::dstHostAsString () const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Return destination host of the packet as std::string. 
.PP
Definition at line 91 of file DataPacket.h.
.SS "uint32_t mt::DataPacket::dstPort () const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Return destination port of the packet. 
.PP
Definition at line 99 of file DataPacket.h.
.SS "uint32_t mt::DataPacket::srcHost () const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Return source host of the packet as uint32_t. 
.PP
Definition at line 83 of file DataPacket.h.
.SS "std::string mt::DataPacket::srcHostAsString () const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Return source host of the packet as std::string. 
.PP
Definition at line 79 of file DataPacket.h.
.SS "uint32_t mt::DataPacket::srcPort () const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Return source port of the packet. 
.PP
Definition at line 87 of file DataPacket.h.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for mtlib from the source code.
