.TH "mt::Directory" 3 "Fri Jan 21 2011" "mtlib" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
mt::Directory \- 
.PP
Incapsulate functions and properties related to UNIX directory.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <Directory.h>\fP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.PP
.RI "\fBConstructors & Destructor\fP"
.br
 
.PP
.in +1c
.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBDirectory\fP (const std::string &path)"
.br
.RI "\fICreate object related to directory having path \fIpath\fP. \fP"
.in -1c
.in -1c
.PP
.RI "\fBConvenient functions\fP"
.br
 
.PP
.in +1c
.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "const std::vector< std::string > & \fBgetEntries\fP ()"
.br
.in -1c
.in -1c
.SS "Protected Member Functions"

.PP
.RI "\fBDirectory operations.\fP"
.br
 
.PP
.in +1c
.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBrewind\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fISame-name POSIX function. \fP"
.in -1c
.in -1c
.SS "Protected Attributes"

.PP
.RI "\fBData members.\fP"
.br
 
.PP
.in +1c
.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "DIR * \fBm_dirPtr\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const std::string \fBm_dirPath\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIPointer to DIR structure. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "std::vector< std::string > \fBm_entries\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIPath to directory. \fP"
.in -1c
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Incapsulate functions and properties related to UNIX directory. 
.PP
Definition at line 22 of file Directory.h.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "mt::Directory::Directory (const std::string & path)"
.PP
Create object related to directory having path \fIpath\fP. \fBExceptions:\fP
.RS 4
\fI\fBmt::Exception\fP\fP if error occures while opening directory. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 13 of file Directory.cpp.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "const std::vector< std::string > & mt::Directory::getEntries ()"\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
const-ref to vector containing all entries' names currenly presented in directory. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 20 of file Directory.cpp.
.SS "void mt::Directory::rewind ()\fC [inline, protected]\fP"
.PP
Same-name POSIX function. Definitions of the inline-functions.
.PP
Definition at line 56 of file Directory.h.
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "const std::string \fBmt::Directory::m_dirPath\fP\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
Pointer to DIR structure. 
.PP
Definition at line 50 of file Directory.h.
.SS "DIR* \fBmt::Directory::m_dirPtr\fP\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 49 of file Directory.h.
.SS "std::vector<std::string> \fBmt::Directory::m_entries\fP\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
Path to directory. 
.PP
Definition at line 51 of file Directory.h.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for mtlib from the source code.
