.TH "mt::DbData" 3 "Fri Jan 21 2011" "mtlib" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
mt::DbData \- 
.PP
\fBDbData\fP contain returned data from DB.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <DbData.h>\fP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBDbData\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBDbData\fP (const \fBDB_DATA\fP &draw)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~DbData\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBisEmpty\fP () const "
.br
.RI "\fICheck data. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "size_t \fBrowCount\fP () const "
.br
.RI "\fIGet row count of the data. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "size_t \fBcolumnCount\fP () const "
.br
.RI "\fIGet column count of the data. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBDbColumn\fP & \fBgetColumn\fP (const std::string &name)"
.br
.RI "\fIGet column by name from data. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBDbColumn\fP & \fBoperator[]\fP (const std::string &name)"
.br
.RI "\fIGet column by name from data. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "std::string \fBgetColumnName\fP (uint32_t columnNo)"
.br
.RI "\fIGet column's name by it's number. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "const \fBDbColumn\fP & \fBgetColumn\fP (uint32_t columnNo)"
.br
.RI "\fIGet column by number from data. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
\fBDbData\fP contain returned data from DB. 
.PP
Definition at line 22 of file DbData.h.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "mt::DbData::DbData ()"
.PP
Definition at line 5 of file DbData.cpp.
.SS "mt::DbData::DbData (const \fBDB_DATA\fP & draw)"
.PP
Definition at line 8 of file DbData.cpp.
.SS "mt::DbData::~DbData ()\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 11 of file DbData.cpp.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "size_t mt::DbData::columnCount () const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Get column count of the data. 
.PP
Definition at line 91 of file DbData.h.
.SS "\fBDbColumn\fP & mt::DbData::getColumn (const std::string & name)"
.PP
Get column by name from data. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIname\fP Column's name.  \fBmt::Exception\fP if no column with such name.
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Reference to column. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 14 of file DbData.cpp.
.SS "const \fBDbColumn\fP & mt::DbData::getColumn (uint32_t columnNo)"
.PP
Get column by number from data. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIcolumnNo\fP Number of the column.
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
constant reference to column. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 42 of file DbData.cpp.
.SS "std::string mt::DbData::getColumnName (uint32_t columnNo)"
.PP
Get column's name by it's number. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIcolumnNo\fP Number of the column.
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Column's name. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 31 of file DbData.cpp.
.SS "bool mt::DbData::isEmpty () const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Check data. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
TRUE if no data. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 83 of file DbData.h.
.SS "\fBDbColumn\fP & mt::DbData::operator[] (const std::string & name)"
.PP
Get column by name from data. If no such column it will be inserted to date.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIname\fP Column's name.
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Reference to column. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 27 of file DbData.cpp.
.SS "size_t mt::DbData::rowCount () const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Get row count of the data. 
.PP
Definition at line 87 of file DbData.h.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for mtlib from the source code.
