.TH "mt::LogCollector" 3 "Fri Jan 21 2011" "mtlib" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
mt::LogCollector \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <LogCollector.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBmt::InfiniteThread\fP.
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBstop\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIStop thread. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~LogCollector\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetStdOut\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int32_t \fBinit\fP (\fBXmlConfigPtr\fP)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBLogLevel\fP \fBgetLogLevel\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "std::vector< std::string > & \fBgetClassNames\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBisDefault\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBpush\fP (const std::string &str)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBLogCollector\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int32_t \fBinitLocal\fP (const std::string &)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int32_t \fBinitNetwork\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBrunLoop\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIThe method will called in infinite loop created thread. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Definition at line 21 of file LogCollector.h.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "mt::LogCollector::~LogCollector ()\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 23 of file LogCollector.cpp.
.SS "mt::LogCollector::LogCollector ()"
.PP
Definition at line 16 of file LogCollector.cpp.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "std::vector<std::string>& mt::LogCollector::getClassNames ()\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 53 of file LogCollector.h.
.SS "\fBLogLevel\fP mt::LogCollector::getLogLevel ()\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 49 of file LogCollector.h.
.SS "int32_t mt::LogCollector::init (\fBXmlConfigPtr\fP cfg)"
.PP
Definition at line 67 of file LogCollector.cpp.
.SS "int32_t mt::LogCollector::initLocal (const std::string & path)"
.PP
Definition at line 36 of file LogCollector.cpp.
.SS "int32_t mt::LogCollector::initNetwork ()"
.PP
Definition at line 41 of file LogCollector.cpp.
.SS "bool mt::LogCollector::isDefault ()\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 57 of file LogCollector.h.
.SS "void mt::LogCollector::push (const std::string & str)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 61 of file LogCollector.h.
.SS "void mt::LogCollector::runLoop ()\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
The method will called in infinite loop created thread. Client MUST define this method. 
.PP
Implements \fBmt::InfiniteThread\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 46 of file LogCollector.cpp.
.SS "void mt::LogCollector::setStdOut ()\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 43 of file LogCollector.h.
.SS "void mt::LogCollector::stop ()\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Stop thread. 
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBmt::InfiniteThread\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 29 of file LogCollector.cpp.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for mtlib from the source code.
