.TH "mt::RefCounter" 3 "Fri Jan 21 2011" "mtlib" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
mt::RefCounter \- 
.PP
References Counter.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <RefCounter.h>\fP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBRefCounter\fP (const unsigned int _count)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB~RefCounter\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBincrement\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIIncrement references count. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBdecrement\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIDecrement references count. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBcurrent_count\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBnull\fP ()"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
References Counter. 
.PP
Definition at line 12 of file RefCounter.h.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "mt::RefCounter::RefCounter (const unsigned int _count)"
.PP
Definition at line 6 of file RefCounter.cpp.
.SS "mt::RefCounter::~RefCounter ()\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 20 of file RefCounter.h.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "int mt::RefCounter::current_count ()"\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Current count of references 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 20 of file RefCounter.cpp.
.SS "bool mt::RefCounter::decrement ()"
.PP
Decrement references count. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
TRUE if need delete pointer. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 14 of file RefCounter.cpp.
.SS "void mt::RefCounter::increment ()"
.PP
Increment references count. 
.PP
Definition at line 9 of file RefCounter.cpp.
.SS "bool mt::RefCounter::null ()"
.PP
Definition at line 24 of file RefCounter.cpp.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for mtlib from the source code.
