.TH "mt::smpp::ClientProcessor" 3 "Fri Jan 21 2011" "mtlib" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
mt::smpp::ClientProcessor \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <ClientProcessor.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBmt::smpp::Processor\fP.
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBrunLoop\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIThe method will called in infinite loop created thread. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBGetDeliverMessage\fP (\fBData\fP *data)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBinsertMsgId\fP (unsigned int reqId, Smpp::Header *sm)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~ClientProcessor\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBInitDb\fP (std::string h, std::string u, std::string p, std::string db)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "unsigned int \fBProcessDeliverSm\fP (\fBData\fP *data)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBClientProcessor\fP ()"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Definition at line 8 of file ClientProcessor.h.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "virtual mt::smpp::ClientProcessor::~ClientProcessor ()\fC [inline, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 20 of file ClientProcessor.h.
.SS "mt::smpp::ClientProcessor::ClientProcessor ()"
.PP
Definition at line 6 of file ClientProcessor.cpp.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "int mt::smpp::ClientProcessor::GetDeliverMessage (\fBData\fP * data)"
.PP
Definition at line 25 of file ClientProcessor.cpp.
.SS "int mt::smpp::ClientProcessor::InitDb (std::string h, std::string u, std::string p, std::string db)"
.PP
Definition at line 12 of file ClientProcessor.cpp.
.SS "void mt::smpp::ClientProcessor::insertMsgId (unsigned int reqId, Smpp::Header * sm)"
.PP
Definition at line 132 of file ClientProcessor.cpp.
.SS "unsigned int mt::smpp::ClientProcessor::ProcessDeliverSm (\fBData\fP * data)"
.PP
Definition at line 158 of file ClientProcessor.cpp.
.SS "void mt::smpp::ClientProcessor::runLoop ()\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
The method will called in infinite loop created thread. Client MUST define this method. 
.PP
Implements \fBmt::InfiniteThread\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 43 of file ClientProcessor.cpp.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for mtlib from the source code.
