.TH "mt::SMPPClient" 3 "Fri Jan 21 2011" "mtlib" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
mt::SMPPClient \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <SMPPClient.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBmt::Logable\fP.
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "std::string \fBgetSystemId\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetStartReqId\fP (unsigned int s)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetStepReqId\fP (unsigned int s)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBisActive\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB~SMPPClient\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBclose\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBSMPPClient\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBinit\fP (\fBXmlConfigPtr\fP cfg)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBMessage\fP * \fBrecv\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBsend\fP (\fBMessage\fP *)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Definition at line 31 of file SMPPClient.h.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "mt::SMPPClient::~SMPPClient ()"
.PP
Definition at line 52 of file SMPPClient.cpp.
.SS "mt::SMPPClient::SMPPClient ()"
.PP
Definition at line 8 of file SMPPClient.cpp.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "void mt::SMPPClient::close (void)"
.PP
Definition at line 37 of file SMPPClient.cpp.
.SS "std::string mt::SMPPClient::getSystemId ()\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 52 of file SMPPClient.h.
.SS "int mt::SMPPClient::init (\fBXmlConfigPtr\fP cfg)"
.PP
Definition at line 117 of file SMPPClient.cpp.
.SS "bool mt::SMPPClient::isActive ()"
.PP
Definition at line 27 of file SMPPClient.cpp.
.SS "\fBMessage\fP * mt::SMPPClient::recv ()"
.PP
Definition at line 255 of file SMPPClient.cpp.
.SS "int mt::SMPPClient::send (\fBMessage\fP * msg)"
.PP
Definition at line 308 of file SMPPClient.cpp.
.SS "void mt::SMPPClient::setStartReqId (unsigned int s)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 56 of file SMPPClient.h.
.SS "void mt::SMPPClient::setStepReqId (unsigned int s)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 60 of file SMPPClient.h.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for mtlib from the source code.
