.TH "mt::StrUtils" 3 "Fri Jan 21 2011" "mtlib" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
mt::StrUtils \- 
.PP
Miscellaneous functions for string processing.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <StrUtils.h>\fP
.SS "Static Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "static void \fBtokenize\fP (const std::string &subject, const std::string &delimiters, std::vector< std::string > &out)"
.br
.RI "\fISeparate string \fIsubject\fP into tokens using each symbol from \fIdelimeters\fP as delimiter. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "static std::string \fBdetokenize\fP (const std::vector< std::string > &in, const std::string &delimiters)"
.br
.RI "\fISplit tokens to string and use \fIdelimiters\fP as delimiter. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "static uint32_t \fBstringToIp\fP (const std::string &ip_str)"
.br
.RI "\fIConvert std::string to IP address as integer. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "static std::string \fBipToString\fP (uint32_t ip)"
.br
.RI "\fIConvert IP address as integer to std::string. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "static std::string \fBintToString\fP (int32_t i)"
.br
.RI "\fIConvert integer to string. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "static std::string \fBbinaryView\fP (const uint8_t *data, uint32_t len)"
.br
.RI "\fIConvert binary data to HEX string. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Miscellaneous functions for string processing. 
.PP
Definition at line 23 of file StrUtils.h.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "std::string mt::StrUtils::binaryView (const uint8_t * data, uint32_t len)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Convert binary data to HEX string. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIdata\fP Binary data. 
.br
\fIlen\fP Length of the binary data.
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Binary as HEX string. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 86 of file StrUtils.cpp.
.SS "std::string mt::StrUtils::detokenize (const std::vector< std::string > & in, const std::string & delimiters)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Split tokens to string and use \fIdelimiters\fP as delimiter. 
.PP
Definition at line 44 of file StrUtils.cpp.
.SS "std::string mt::StrUtils::intToString (int32_t i)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Convert integer to string. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIi\fP Integer for convert.
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Integer as string. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 80 of file StrUtils.cpp.
.SS "std::string mt::StrUtils::ipToString (uint32_t ip)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Convert IP address as integer to std::string. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIip\fP IP address as integer.
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
IP address as string. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 70 of file StrUtils.cpp.
.SS "uint32_t mt::StrUtils::stringToIp (const std::string & ip_str)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Convert std::string to IP address as integer. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIip_str\fP IP address as string.
.RE
.PP
\fBExceptions:\fP
.RS 4
\fI\fBmt::Exception\fP\fP if ip_str isn't IP in string format. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
IP address as unsigned integer. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 54 of file StrUtils.cpp.
.SS "void mt::StrUtils::tokenize (const std::string & subject, const std::string & delimiters, std::vector< std::string > & out)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Separate string \fIsubject\fP into tokens using each symbol from \fIdelimeters\fP as delimiter. Result tokens are \fBappended\fP to \fIout\fP. 
.PP
Definition at line 23 of file StrUtils.cpp.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for mtlib from the source code.
