.TH "mt::smpp::Sender" 3 "Fri Jan 21 2011" "mtlib" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
mt::smpp::Sender \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <Sender.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBmt::smpp::SmppNwIf\fP, and \fBmt::InfiniteThread\fP.
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBstop\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIStop thread. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBSendEnqLink\fP (bool t)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~Sender\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBSetSocket\fP (\fBTCPSocket\fP *s)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBSender\fP (\fBQueue\fP< \fBData\fP * > *q, \fBInspector\fP *i)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBSend\fP (Smpp::Header *)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBrunLoop\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIThe method will called in infinite loop created thread. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Definition at line 30 of file Sender.h.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "mt::smpp::Sender::~Sender ()\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 16 of file Sender.cpp.
.SS "mt::smpp::Sender::Sender (\fBQueue\fP< \fBData\fP * > * q, \fBInspector\fP * i)"
.PP
Definition at line 27 of file Sender.cpp.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "void mt::smpp::Sender::runLoop ()\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
The method will called in infinite loop created thread. Client MUST define this method. 
.PP
Implements \fBmt::InfiniteThread\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 53 of file Sender.cpp.
.SS "void mt::smpp::Sender::Send (Smpp::Header * h)"
.PP
Definition at line 21 of file Sender.cpp.
.SS "void mt::smpp::Sender::SendEnqLink (bool t)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 40 of file Sender.h.
.SS "void mt::smpp::Sender::SetSocket (\fBTCPSocket\fP * s)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 46 of file Sender.h.
.SS "void mt::smpp::Sender::stop ()\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Stop thread. 
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBmt::InfiniteThread\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 42 of file Sender.cpp.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for mtlib from the source code.
