.TH "mt::System" 3 "Fri Jan 21 2011" "mtlib" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
mt::System \- 
.PP
\fBSystem\fP utilities.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <System.h>\fP
.SS "Static Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "static void \fBsleep\fP (uint32_t ms)"
.br
.RI "\fISleep. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "static time_t \fBcurrentTime\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIReturns the time since the Epoch (00:00:00 UTC, January 1, 1970), measured in seconds. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "static int32_t \fBgetTid\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIReturn current thread's id. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "static int32_t \fBgetPid\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIReturn current process's id. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
\fBSystem\fP utilities. 
.PP
Definition at line 13 of file System.h.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "time_t mt::System::currentTime ()\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Returns the time since the Epoch (00:00:00 UTC, January 1, 1970), measured in seconds. 
.PP
Definition at line 19 of file System.cpp.
.SS "int32_t mt::System::getPid ()\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Return current process's id. 
.PP
Definition at line 28 of file System.cpp.
.SS "int32_t mt::System::getTid ()\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Return current thread's id. 
.PP
Definition at line 23 of file System.cpp.
.SS "void mt::System::sleep (uint32_t ms)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Sleep. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIms\fP Timeout in milliseconds. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 11 of file System.cpp.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for mtlib from the source code.
